Introduce `Keystore` / `WSCA + Remote WSCD` architectural split for Wallet secure cryptographic storage (#1182)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-solution-components.rst

- maintain a transaction log of transactions executed through the Wallet Unit, including non-completed transactions;
- support User interaction with transaction records, including viewing, export, and deletion.

Keystore
^^^^^^^^

The Wallet Instance MUST use this component to securely generate, store, and use cryptographic keys for all Digital Credentials. The Keystore relies on the device's OEM hardware-backed cryptographic environment (Strongbox or TEE on Android; Secure Enclave on iOS) and is attested via the OEM Key Attestation APIs. The Keystore is the default secure storage mechanism for all Wallet Instance operations and Digital Credentials.

WSCA/WSCD Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For PID issuance and management at Level of Assurance High, the Wallet Instance MUST interact with a **WSCA operating within a Remote WSCD** implemented as a remote Hardware Security Module (remote HSM) operated server-side. This component provides the interface to the WSCA and the Remote WSCD, and ensures that PID private keys are generated and managed in a tamper-resistant remote hardware environment meeting the requirements for Level of Assurance High. The WSCA/WSCD Interface is used exclusively for the PID.

Reviewer: I would say it would be beneficial to say at a very high-level how the keys are attested in the case of remote WSCD.

- support User interaction with transaction records, including viewing, export, and deletion.

Keystore
^^^^^^^^

The Wallet Instance MUST use this component to securely generate, store, and use cryptographic keys for all Digital Credentials. The Keystore relies on the device's OEM hardware-backed cryptographic environment (Strongbox or TEE on Android; Secure Enclave on iOS) and is attested via the OEM Key Attestation APIs. The Keystore is the default secure storage mechanism for all Wallet Instance operations and Digital Credentials.

WSCA/WSCD Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For PID issuance and management at Level of Assurance High, the Wallet Instance MUST interact with a **WSCA operating within a Remote WSCD** implemented as a remote Hardware Security Module (remote HSM) operated server-side. This component provides the interface to the WSCA and the Remote WSCD, and ensures that PID private keys are generated and managed in a tamper-resistant remote hardware environment meeting the requirements for Level of Assurance High. The WSCA/WSCD Interface is used exclusively for the PID.

> Key attestation for the Remote WSCD is performed by the Wallet Provider: after the WSCA generates the PID key pair within the Remote WSCD (remote HSM), the Wallet Provider attests the properties of both the WSCA and the Remote WSCD and issues a Key Attestation (KA) that is presented to the PID Provider during PID issuance. The KA for the Remote WSCD differs from the Keystore-based KA in that it describes the remote HSM's security properties rather than the OEM device hardware, providing the higher certification level required for Level of Assurance High.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wallet Provider performs key attestation for the Remote WSCD. After the WSCA generates the PID key pair within the Remote WSCD (remote HSM), the Wallet Provider attests to the properties of both the WSCA and the Remote WSCD based on the attestation information (Public Key Confirmation) provided by the Remote WSCD (remote HSM). The Wallet Provider issues a Key Attestation (KA) that is presented to the PID Provider during PID issuance. The KA for the Remote WSCD differs from the Keystore-based KA in that it describes the remote HSM's security properties rather than the OEM device hardware, providing the higher certification level required for Level of Assurance High.
```

Reviewer: Would it work like this to add additional details regarding the PKC provided by the HSM in the attestation flow? or you prefer to stay away from this level of detail? Because I think it is important to highlight the fact that in the process the remote HSM provides this information. WDYT? @grausof

- maintain a transaction log of transactions executed through the Wallet Unit, including non-completed transactions;
- support User interaction with transaction records, including viewing, export, and deletion.

Keystore
^^^^^^^^

The Wallet Instance MUST use this component to securely generate, store, and use cryptographic keys for all Digital Credentials. The Keystore relies on the device's OEM hardware-backed cryptographic environment (Strongbox or TEE on Android; Secure Enclave on iOS) and is attested via the OEM Key Attestation APIs. The Keystore is the default secure storage mechanism for all Wallet Instance operations and Digital Credentials.

WSCA/WSCD Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For PID issuance and management at Level of Assurance High, the Wallet Instance MUST interact with a **WSCA operating within a Remote WSCD** implemented as a remote Hardware Security Module (remote HSM) operated server-side. This component provides the interface to the WSCA and the Remote WSCD, and ensures that PID private keys are generated and managed in a tamper-resistant remote hardware environment meeting the requirements for Level of Assurance High. The WSCA/WSCD Interface is used exclusively for the PID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For PID issuance and management at Level of Assurance High, the Wallet Instance MUST interact with a **WSCA operating within a Remote WSCD** implemented as a remote Hardware Security Module (remote HSM) operated server-side. This component provides the interface to the WSCA and the Remote WSCD, and ensures that PID private keys are generated and managed in a tamper-resistant remote hardware environment meeting the requirements for Level of Assurance High.
```
